Elwood 2006
	Researchers have identified the financial, temporal, and experience and skills barriers
that can impede access to and use of GIS and digital data by resource poor organizations
and social groups (Weiner et al. 1995, Sawicki and Craig 1996, Barndt 1998, Craig and
Elwood 1998). 

	For these groups, the most valuable function of GIS
is not its spatial analysis capabilities, but the capacity to experiment with spatial repre-
sentations and produce visual texts to support shifting portrayals of community space
and needs. Other participatory GIS projects have illustrated how GIS may function as a
conflict mediator in contentious community decision making, as groups examine different
spatial scenarios and representations (Kyem 2004a). In this instance, the visualization
capabilities of GIS are again central, along with the capacity to model multiple scenarios
and outcomes. While some participatory GIS initiatives mirror other kinds of GIS applica-
tions, there are many that are quite different and we need to continue to include these
diverse applications in our efforts to unpack the full range of ways that GIS is used in
the production of knowledge and power.



----
Current State of Geospatial Science adoption?
Significance of Free and Open Source software
	General concept
	How if differs from simply Freeware (eg section 3 about new algorithms)
Relate it back to academic inquiry



Paid to make maps/Those who just want to make maps
GIS Training & Experience/Those without
High technical skills/Everyone else

Define the term Mashup - especially in the context of web maps.
 - The merging of 2 different data source on the web together in one page, by using the data directly from different sources at the same time.

---------
Crampton 2005
	“insurrection of knowledges”  cartography is being undisciplined; that is, freed from the confines of the academic and opened up to the people
	a mixture of
“open source” collaborative tools, mobile mapping applications, and geotagging.

Leszczynski
Sieber 2006
-----
Sheppard 2005
	Yet PPGIS that remains focused on off-the-shelf GIS software is always in danger of accommodating its research trajectory to
that software. Of course, GIS software is continually
evolving, as layer-based systems are supplemented by
object-oriented approaches, software supporting collec-
tive decision making is developed, and sketch-map
supplements to mainstream software come onto the
market. Each of these has the potential to enhance
the capability of off-the-shelf software for PPGIS,
although the accessibility of such innovations to grass-
roots organizations remains in question and their impact
on democratizing decision making requires research.


----
Harris 2005


