Agenda
	Introductions
	Goals discussion
	Examples
	Goals in the context of examples
		Site Access
			Registration by approval
			Automated registration with self policing
			Several models would work, but the more restrictions the more complicated the programming.
		Map
			Custom Iconography
			Custom Directions
			Custom Cartography
			Trip Planner?
		Sharing the data automatically to other sites, users
	How the partnership might work
		What they get out of it
			An Ag tourism site
			Cartography
		What I get out of it
			Identify barriers to the creation of such sites by small communities. (Technical, Cost, Social)
			Participation in usability study, surveys, group meetings, interviews.

	Budget
		Software - $0
		Development - ?
		Hosting - ?
-------
Who was there:
	Karin Sinclair
	Claudia Blossomhill
	Dan (Flying Mule)
	Alan Edwards
	Steve (? Produce)
	Jocelyn Maddux
	Bob (Ueki Flowers)
	Karen Killebrew (PlacerGrown[PlGN])
	Josh Huntsinger (Ag Dept)
	Carol (Ag Dept)
	Cindy Fake


-------
Notes:
	----
	Initial Brain Storm of Purpose and Content
	
	After introductions I asked the group "What's the purpose of this website"
	Go & Visit Farms
	Interactive Map
	Trip Planner
	Good at showing the farm, the printed guide is a 'poor format'
		The scale of the printed map is inadequate
	Interaction with the Guide
		Filtering by Type of Product, Tour availability,
	Telling a Story - example "Original mandarin farm..."
	Value Added Listing - What each farm offers beyond just the agricultural product: environmental features, sustainability, family ownership, local
	Events - Coordination
		Farm & Barn Tour
	Define how open to the public each farm is:
		Details of visitation (Hours, etc), Need to call first for some (By appt only or limited hours/seasons)
	Link back to other retail venues (Farmer's markets, farm stands)
	Portal to Agricultural Tourism
	Who is open for School Tours
	Referral System to help people find what they want
		Seasonality, not everything is available all the time. (Compare to PlaceGrown info)
	"Is that on the web?" (A common question from people who pick up the Ag Guide)
	Open to anyone who wants to be listed (As long as they are Ag in Placer County?) - Followup question: Define Ag
	Farms in my backyard(neighborhood)
	Directory for talking to other farmers (White pages)
	Resource Listings:
		Feedstore
		Tractor Repair services
	Land Listings, specifically for farming (disputed)

	Alex Idea, didn't mention this to the group - but a phone app in a later phase, should make the site work well via a smartphones and a web api maybe for extracting data to other apps. Need to look into if kml or something similar would work well; check trip planning apps for iphone/droid.
	----
	Editing Discussion:
		Most likely there will be 2 roles
			Visitors and Farmers
			Visitors can log in and browse, share trip plans. What about comments?
			Farmers can log in add new items and edit existing items
				Includes: Farm profiles, Resources, Custom Direction Corrections, Open Streetmap (Should the site use openid, does OSM use openid?)
		Still to be determined, can farmers edit items they don't own?
		Activation of Farmer would be by approval of ? - Ag Commission, 3rd Party like Cindy or a Board of Directors? (Does an idea like this require a entity(ngo) in order to be governable or can it exist as a loose collection of people?

	----
	Why haven't they already done this?
		Time, money, didn't know the techonology
		Know what 

		I was the Outside Catalyst

	----
	Potential funding is possible from several sources.
	Need to put together a scope for what can be outsourced and get a idea of how much it might cost.
	Carol's time is available - what would have been put towards the printed guide.


	----
	Timeline
		Try to have the site up for use in May
		Next meeting Jan 26 4:30pm, either same place or Ag Dept.
		Survey out by mid Jan to participating group to refine idea
		IRB beginning of Jan


