Contacts:
crschmidt@crschmidt.net
"Ragi Y. Burhum" <ragi@burhum.com>
gin@greeninfo.org
info@cloudmade.com
http://umbrellaconsulting.com/contact/



I'm Phd student at UC Davis currently working with a local County Ag Commissioner and group of farmers to build an Sustainable Agriculture/Agritourism website. The goal is to connect people with their local producers, retailers of local products and the local food community. The main means of getting there is through a web based map interface that allows people to find the products their looking for, view information about the producers, and plan trips to the region around the agricultural theme.

We're looking for a few people to help speed up the implementation of the website by working with me to implement various features. The basic website is built with GeoDjango 1.3 and development is being hosted at my UC Davis lab. Part of this project also includes the release of the code under an open source license. I've already put up a draft of the basic models but have to yet write most of the public facing interface.

Features/Tasks:

Interactive Map - Slippy map with real time filtering of crops, features, etc. (OpenLayers based with multiple base options)

Map Customization - ie custom Mapnik or CloudMade api base layer

Directions Customization - Allow local users to correct the roads (OSM or Mapquest) and last part of directions to get visitors to the right farm gate.

Producer Profile - Custom Form 
Public Registration
User Management
Public Views
Favorites
Multi-node Trip Planner


Analyzing the process of developing this site is part of my Phd research so there are a few tasks related to data collection outside the scope of the functioning website.

Research Features:
Session Tracker
Link to Survey/Or embedded feedback survey


We would like to complete most of the features between now and the end of June. I'm looking to see if you have any interest in collaborating on this project, if you have the availability to work part time on this over the next few months, which tasks you think you could do and how much you think it would cost to implement.

Additional details are available upon request.